Welcome back. The OpenMW team is proud to
announce the release of version 0.33.0. This
is a very exciting release for OpenCS, our
editor, but let's have a look at the changes
to the engine first.
Death music has been implemented. This means
that the player may now enjoy the conciliatory
tones of Jeremy Soule's original soundtrack
as their thread of prophecy is broken once
again.
The Level-Up music will now also play to give
the player a sense of achievement for all
that grinding - or paid training, if you play
Morrowind like most people.
Console targeting on the player model through
clicking is now implemented. This previously
could be done by typing "player" in the console
window, but I think you'll agree that it's
now much easier to do.
The Red on-hit overlay has been introduced.
It turns out that hits on the player come
up as a sort of red throb covering the whole
screen in Morrowind. In previous versions
of OpenMW, we had the player model bleed just
like NPCs. This older functionality can be
restored through the settings file, should
you prefer it.
Spell-casting for non-humanoid creatures has
now been implemented.
Therefore Scribs have been restored to their original purpose of paralyzing the player
for unreasonable amounts of time.
For all you bibliophiles, books with images
now display correctly, and images no longer
cause text to shift to the next page. We've
also fixed some other formatting issues, so
all of Morrowind's books should now be displayed
correctly for your reading pleasure.
There has been increasing development on OpenCS
over the last few releases. This version is
no different, and brings a host of new features
to the program. This is highly exciting, as
OpenCS will redress many of the infamous bugs
that plagued the Original construction set
and eventually allow for advanced OpenMW content
to be produced.
Terrain rendering has been implemented within
OpenCS. We can now view objects in relation
to the terrain that they exist on. This takes
us one step closer to complete rendering capacity,
with only water and fog remaining.
Running the game immediately from the current
position whilst maintaining edits has been
implemented within OpenCS. This allows content
developers to seamlessly switch between editing
and play-testing. It is our hope that this
will save modders many hours of frustration!
On the interface side, a number of reference
tables were added.
Spells, path-grids, and SoundGen records are
now all accessible through their respective
tables.
We can now use the right-click menu on a record
column to jump directly to editing that record.
For example, we can edit the script of an
object through the right-click menu on its
script column. Or, if we have a cell reference,
we can easily edit the base object that is
referenced.
That's about it for this time around. As always
there were a large number of smaller fixes
and enhancements which weren't included in
this video. For more information, I'd advise
you to check out the full release announcement
on our website, 'openmw.org'. These are exciting
times for OpenMW, and we hope to be back soon
with more substantial updates.
Until next time, thanks for watching.